Complete: Disambiguating private key/key handle (#254)
Yubico/developers.yubico.com: content/WebAuthn/WebAuthn_Developer_Guide/Resident_Keys.adoc

== Resident Keys
WebAuthn enables high assurance multi-factor authentication with a passwordless login experience. One of the things that enables this is what is called resident keys.

Resident key means that the private key is stored in persistent memory on the authenticator, instead of encrypted and stored on the relying party server. If the key were stored on the server, then the server would need to return that to the authenticator before the authenticator could decrypt and use it. This would mean that the user would need to provide a username, and usually also a password.

> With resident keys, the RP generates a user handle containing a unique identifier, the `user.id` property in `PublicKeyCredentialCreationOptions`. The user handle is stored in persistent memory *on* the authenticator during the registration ceremony. During the authentication ceremony the authenticator returns the user handle, allowing the RP to look up the associated user. This means that the user does not need to enter a username to login. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With resident keys, the RP generates a user handle containing a unique identifier, the `user.id` property in `PublicKeyCredentialCreationOptions`. The user handle and private key are stored in persistent memory *on* the authenticator during the registration ceremony. During the authentication ceremony the authenticator returns the user handle, allowing the RP to look up the associated user. This means that the user does not need to enter a username to login. 
```
